Chapter 01 – Inception

Q. What is Emmet?

Ans. Emmet allows to type shortcuts that are expanded in full piece of code. 

Q. Difference between a Library and Framework?

Ans. Libraries provide with predefined functions and classes. The libraries can be used in existing Projects to add functionalities. Ex - JQuery, React JS.

Framework, is the foundation upon which applications are built. Frameworks cannot be incorporated into existing projects. Ex - Spring, NodeJS, AngularJS, Vue JS, etc.

Q. What is CDN? Why do we use it? Ans. A content delivery network (CDN) refers to group of servers which work together to provide fast delivery of Internet content. A CDN allows for the quick transfer of assets needed for loading Internet content including HTML pages, javascript files, stylesheets, images, and videos.

Q. Why is React known as React? Ans. React renders everything that is changed in the web page. react updates its state based on its changes, it's called as React.

Q. What is crossorigin in script tag? Ans. The crossorigin attribute sets the mode of the request to an HTTP CORS Request. A cross-origin request is a request for a resource (e.g. style sheets, iframes, images, fonts, or scripts) from another domain. CORS stands for Cross-Origin Resource Sharing used to manage cross-origin requests.

Q. What is diference between React and ReactDOM Ans. The react package holds the react source for components, state, props and all the code that is react. The react-dom package as the name implies is the glue between React and the DOM. React components are such a great way to organize UI that it has now spread to mobile to react is used in web and in mobile. react-dom is used only in web apps.

Q. What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN? Ans. react.development.js is a larger not minimised version of React that is usually used to build the apps during development phase. react.production.js has the minified version of files that would make application to have better performance

What is async and defer?

Ans. Async and defer are attributes of script tag used to specify how browser should handle the script when loading a page. Async: Async attribute executes scripts as soon as it’s available. HTML parsing will go on, with the scripts fetching, once scripts are fetched, HTML parsing pauses and scripts are executed then and there and once the scripts are executed, HTML parsing resumes

Defer: Defer attribute waits until the HTML document has been parsed before executing any scripts Fetches the script while HTML parsing is going on but executes the script only when HTML parsing is finished.
